# Pixel Art Maker Project - JavaScript

## Table of Contents

* [Introduction](#Introduction)
* [Instructions](#instructions)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Changes](#changes)

## Introduction

Project: Grow with Google Challenge Scholarship: Front-End Web Dev

This project is the final assignment for the first phase of the above Scholarship program offered by Google on the Udacity platform. The project is based on a starter codebase provided with the lesson.

The next two sections are supplied by Udacity and the final is my comments on how I modified the supplied project files.

## Instructions

To get started, open `designs.js` and start building out the app's functionality.

For specific, detailed instructions, look at the project instructions in the [Udacity Classroom](https://classroom.udacity.com/me).

## Contributing

This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.

## Changes

This repository was created from my pixel-art-marker repository. That repository is a version of the project created using jQuery. This version only uses JavaScript. Code has been added to designs.js and adjustments made to index.html and styles.css to create a grid of squares that can be set to different colors allowing for the creation of patterns and pictures using a single or multiple colors. The background image is generated by css, an image file is not used. Some changes were required to the html in the form of additional div's, id's and classes. One modification to the css was required to toggle the class on a p tag which displays a legend. 
